PROJECT NEXUS EPISODE 1
===========================================================

Written by GreenNickYT
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scene 1: The Shadow Realm
We start in a black void. It’s full of nothing.. well, almost nothing. We zoom in to see a person floating in the void. They were asleep, but it looked like they were crying. A sudden noise awakens the young man as he turns to see a portal opening behind him. A figure walks out, but he’s all white.
Storm: W-who the hell are you!?
???: Tsk tsk.. That’s no way to greet a new friend..
Storm holds out his fist as a surge of power reveals itself.
Storm: I’d quit with the crypt bullshit if I were you. Tell me who you are, why you look like that, and how the fuck you got here. NOW!
???: *Sigh* I guess chivalry is dead.. To answer your questions, My name is none of your concern for now. I look like this because no being can grasp my true form. And finally, I arrived in this dead world by using technology of my own.
Storm: D-dead world..? So.. everyone I know and love is-
???: Dead. Gone without a trace. And now answer a question of mine.. How did you survive?
Storm: I.. I dunno.. People and places just started to disappear from my world.. I closed my eyes and.. just woke up here.
???: Incredible.. Your power almost rivals my own… which leads to the question.
The figure snaps his fingers and chains appear all over Storm, which restrain him as he struggles to break free. The figure walks to him.
???: Are you with me?
Storm: Ah!! Why would I join whatever the hell you’re doing?
???: To prevent what happened to you from happening to anyone else.
Storm: This happens to others..? Grr, what could you offer me?
???: I could offer you your freedom and so much more.. According to my calculations, you’ve spent 9 months, 3 weeks, and 5 days in this state. All because a greater force out there chose for this to be your fate. Will you break free and help me start anew? Or do you want to stay here, broken and forgotten?
The figure holds out its hand. The chains disappear on Storm. He looks thoughtful for a moment, but with a confident look, he takes the figure's hand.
???: Attaboy. Now come. We have a lot of planning to do.
A portal opens between them and the mysterious figure enters. With nothing else to lose, Storm walks through, leaving the remains of his old home.
Scene 2: Light Saga world
We cut to the world of the Light Saga, where the whole gang is in Blue’s lab. Most of them look bored as Blue is tinkering with something.
Red: Ugh… Blue, it’s been like 2 hours. Where is this “amazing invention”??
Blue: Still working out the kinks!
Red: Then why the hell did you call us here!?
Blue: Keep your pants on, short fuse. I’m almost done.
DaMaker: You do realize you could’ve been watching Tv with us, right?
The screen pans and we see the whole gang (minus Nick) watching Tv.
Red: I… I knew that!
He obviously didn’t know that. Blue suddenly comes out of the room.
Blue! Ladies and Gentleman, I introduce to you… The Universal Wristwatch!
He pulls out a flimsy looking wristwatch.
Max: Uh… You’re joking, right Blue?
Kelvin: You’ve spent months on a watch? I have one from Walmart in my closet at home!
Blue: But it’s not just a watch! It has tons of tech inside! Communications, A built-in camera with 8 Terabytes of Memory, it even has a couple of weapons that work with special voice codes to make them work.
Red: …But why in a flimsy little watch of all things?
Blue: It’s fashionable. And where’s Nick? He was supposed to test it for me today. He promised.
The front door opens and reveals Nick. A cheering is heard, but it’s coming from the show that the gang is watching. They turn off the Tv.
DaMaker: Nick! You finally made it.
Nick: Sorry I’m late guys.. I accidentally ate my dog’s food instead of Cheerios.
Max: Again?
Blue: We’ll talk about that later. Come over and try on my invention!
Nick: Oh, right.
Nick comes over and rolls up his sleeve a bit and puts on the watch.
Nick: Okay.. what now?
Blue: Let’s try a small command
Blue hands Nick a small piece of paper. Nick holds it up and reads it.
Nick: “Play soundtrack #1?”
A piano piece starts to play. Everyone thinks it’s kinda cute.
Nick: “Stop”
The track stops.
Blue: How awesome is that!?
Red: Eh.. it’s cool and all, but does it have missiles?
Blue: *Sigh* I’ve told you like 20 times now. I can’t fit missiles into my invention. It was either that or the mp3 player.
Kelvin: This is great and all, but for the love of doom god, can we go out and eat something? It’s been hours.
Nick: Food sounds like a good idea.
Blue: I guess.. I can take a break from tinkering. Let’s go out guys.
They all leave the house, but as the door closes, a strange glitch starts to appear in the center of the room…
Scene 3: Lunch
The gang go to IHOB to get some burgers. While there, they notice Nick staring at a girl.
Blue: So… who’s the person you’re staring at?
Nick: N-No one. Just some girl I like, that’s all.
Red: You’re kidding. You’ve never told us about this!
Nick: Well I.. keep some things to myself.
Kelvin: Why don’t you go and talk to her, man?
Nick: I have problems talking to girls. Don’t you remember last time?
They all flashback to multiple times Nick has failed talking to girls.
DaMaker: Wait, but I’m a girl and you can talk to me.
Nick: I mean, yeah. But you’re different. I wanted to be your friend. But I wanna ask her out.
Max: I guess that’s understandable.
Red: Well? Do it man. You’ve faced off against Dark gods, an alternate timeline version of yourself, and the literal creator of our universe. What makes you so scared of a girl?
Nick: The fact that I’m only happy when she’s happy.
DaMaker: Ughhh…
DaMaker gets up, takes Nick by the arm and walks over to the girl.
Nick: W-WAIT!
DaMaker: You’ll thank me for this. Trust me.
DaMaker taps her shoulder and hides. The girl turns around and sees Nick.
Girl: Oh, hey Nick! What’s up?
Nick stutters a bunch of times.
Nick: H-hey Al-Alyson.. Do.. do y-you.. Ugh.. sorry for wasting your time.
Nick walks back to the booth feeling defeating.
Alyson: Oh.. talk to you later I suppose!
Blue: Dude, that was brutal.
Max: I’ll say. You okay?
Nick: No.. I’ve talked to her before at my Science fiction writing class. We got along well and then I got feelings for her. *Sigh* Red, can we go home?
Red: Sure buddy. Sorry about the girl.
Blue: Can you go to my lab and leave the wristwatch? I wanna tweak it some more.
Nick: Okay.. come on Red.
Nick and Red walk to Blue’s lab as the others stay.
Scene 4: Orb at the lab
We cut to see Red and Nick walking into the lab.
Red: Nick, I’m sorry about what happened. Hey, what if we went to the chicken hut for dinner tonight? With hot wings and even hotter girls, you’re bound to get laid.
Nick: Heh, thanks for the offer, but I’ll pass for now.
Nick flips the light switch to reveal a big black orb in the middle of the room.
Nick: Woah.. what’s this?
Red: Uh.. I don’t know. Maybe we shouldn’t mess with it until Blue comes back..
We see that Nick is already close to the orb.
Red: Nick come on! If I’ve said it before, I’ve said it 100 times. No touching random floating objects!
Nick: What’s the worst that could happen man? It’s just an orb. It doesn’t scare me.
He slowly touches it, but as he does so, something happens as he turns to black.
Nick: R-Red!! Hel-!
We see him consumed in darkness as he turns into a ball of light as he disappears.
Red: Nick!
Red runs and leaps into the orb. We see him falling into an endless abyss of colors. He sees the orb that Nick is in and he gets close enough to grab it.
Red: Don’t worry!! I’ll.. protect you!!
As he touches it, he turns to light and disappears.. The orb of Light exits the colors into a dark room as the female automated voice speaks.
Voice: Now Summoning Hero
The orb turns back into Nick, but he has a red stand in his hair. He falls to the ground looking scared. He appears to be in a prison cell.
Nick: W-What’s happening? Where am I? Red!?
?: Calm down, hero..
Nick turns to see a figure. It steps out of the darkness to reveal itself. It's Dark storm.
Dark Storm: Well well, this was.. unexpected
Nick: W-what is?
Dark Storm scans Nick with a device he grabbed from a nearby table.
Dark Storm: You look like one person, but your body is holding two souls. It probably happened while you were being extracted from your world. Someone must’ve hitched a ride.
Nick: What!?
Dark Storm tosses the scanner aside and pulls out a small dagger.
Dark Storm: Now.. I could play with you. Mess with your head and stuff. But this isn’t the first time I’ve done this, so I’ll be frank with you.. I’m part of a team who is preparing to launch a catastrophe in the Doodlesphere.
Nick: The.. Doodlesphere?
Dark Storm: Names don’t matter. What you need to know is this. My job is to extract heroes from other worlds who stand a chance of stopping our operation. I’ve probably killed hundreds, if not thousands of heroes. And luckily for you, you’re my second to last.
Nick: I-I’m so confused..
Dark Storm: Don’t worry… and don’t move.
He pulls out a futuristic looking gun and shoots Nick with it. Nick screams in pain as the beam fires into his chest. After a few seconds, it stops and Nick falls to his knees gasping for air.
Dark Storm: That was an energy suppression device. It’s so you won’t put up much of a fight in your final moments.
Nick: Gasp.. Please.. It hurts so much..
Dark Storm holds up the dagger to Nick’s face as he slowly presses it against his cheek.
Dark Storm: It’s ok.. You’ll be in a better place…
Suddenly, an explosion is heard from far away. This startles Dark Storm as he backs away.
Dark Storm: Ugh.. Damn rebels.. looks like you get to live for a couple more minutes. Don’t get any ideas, “Hero”.
He leaves hastily. He drops something from his pocket. It’s a small blue crystal. Nick struggles to reach it in his condition, but is able to grab it in a hurry.
Nick: Crap.. what do I do..? I’m all alone…
Scene 5: The gang find out
The rest of the Light Saga gang come into Blue's lab after eating.
Max: Those burgers were good..
Blue: You said it.
Blue suddenly gets a ringtone from his computer. They run to the room and see it from the wristwatch.
Kelvin: Nick’s calling you?
Blue: Huh.. why would he do that? And why does he still have my watch?
He answers the call. We cut to Nick in the prison with Blue as a hologram on the watch.
Nick: Blue!
Blue: Nick? Where are you? And why do you have my watch?
Nick: Short version, I got kidnapped, I’m hurt, and I’m in another universe! I might have a way to get back, but I need your help!
Blue: Wait, what!? Are you sure you didn’t just get into Reds marijuana stash again?
Nick: I didn’t! This is real, I swear! My kidnapper hit me with some laser and then dropped this crystal thingy and left, but he’s gonna be back soon! What should I do?
Blue is a bit panicked, but tries to get a good response.
Blue: Um.. if you scan the crystal with the watch, it might have a clue to get you out of there.
Nick: Wristwatch! “Scan Foreign Object”
The watch scans it as blue gets the data. He’s amazed.
Blue: Woah.. Nick, that crystal has a ton of energy. It can be used to create portals and such. I tried to integrate technology like that into the wristband, but I couldn’t find a power source that could handle it. You’re gonna have to have that crystal adapt your watch to allow it to do so.
Nick: You sure this’ll work?
Blue: Yes! There’s a 65.7% chance that it’ll work.
DaMakerNS: Be careful!
Nick inserts the crystal and points it at a wall. A large blast is heard and a portal is shown. Without thinking, he leaps through. As it closes, Dark Storm comes by.
Dark Storm: Okay, so you want a fast or slow death? I’m a fair guy, so I’ll let you choose.
He sees Nick isn’t there. He frantically checks his pockets.
Dark Storm: My quantum shard!! Aw man, I am so screwed..
Scene 6: Meeting a new friend
Nick falls out of the portal onto a floating island. He gets up to find that the island is rotating on a huge sphere floating in the middle of a bunch of lights.
Nick: Woah..
Blue: Nick, are you still there?
Nick pulls up the hologram
Nick: Yeah. I got out of the prison. You were right Blue, it worked. ..Ah!
Nick holds his chest in pain.
Zeke: Nick, what’s wrong?
Nick: That.. that laser I mentioned earlier. Something feels different.. It hurts..
Blue: …Your vitals are lower than normal. And your energy output is close to nothing.. Jesus, what the hell did he hit you with?
Nick: Uh.. He called it an “Energy Suppressions Device”
Blue: …The best explanation I can think of using the name of the device is that he locked a majority of your powers out of your control. They aren’t gone, but it will be difficult to access your full potential right now.
Nick: Greeeeat.. So what do I do now..?
Blue: Hm.. first up, where’s Red? We assumed he’s with you.
Nick: Oh! That guy said something about.. my body having two souls. Maybe Red’s in me?
Kelvin: Wait what?
Nick: N-NOT LIKE THAT! I mean we’re probably sharing the same body again. We’ll deal with it when I.. when We come home.
Blue: Alright then.. Now, try opening a portal home.
Nick: Okay..
Nick holds his arm up and a portal blasts out. We cut to another universe where two brothers named Tyler and Gavin are playing some video games together.
Gavin: Come on! I lost again!!
Tyler: Nice try, but I'm still better than you.
Gavin: Whatever. Anyways, I'm bored. What do want to do now?
Tyler: I don't really know.. Do you have any ideas?
Gavin: I don't have any, but who knows? Maybe something interesting will show up. Like a portal.
Tyler: Yeah right. If that happens, I’ll give you $5.
Gavin: Deal.
An EXPLOSION happens
Tyler: What was that!?
Gavin: Uh.. I don’t know.
Tyler: Well, whatever that was we need to go find it!
Gavin: Alright, let's go.
Tyler and Gavin encounter the portal and start deciding who should mess with it.
Tyler: Guess you were right.. Damn it.
Tyler begrudgingly gives Gavin $5. Gavin looks smug.
Tyler: Now that that’s all over with.. Touch it.
Gavin: No you touch it!
Tyler: Ok fine! Let’s play “Rock Paper Scissors” to decide
Gavin: Fine..
Tyler and Gavin: Rock Paper Scissors… SHOOT!!
Gavin wins against Tyler 
 Tyler: Fine! I'll go touch it.. First the $5 and now this..
Tyler goes to touch the portal and when he does he is quickly sucked inside.
Tyler: AHH WHAT'S HAPPENING!?
Gavin: TYLER NOOO!!
We cut to Nick as Tyler falls out of the portal. The portal closes as Tyler freaks out.
Tyler: What the heck? What’s going on?
Blue: Uh.. Nick? Why is there a.. brown haired lookalike of you in low quality?
Tyler: Hey! I’m my own person. And.. who are you?
Nick: I’m Nick.. and I don’t understand. Blue, who is this guy? Why didn’t the portal take me home?
Blue: My best guess is that each portal has specific coordinates to each world in the multiverse you’re in.
Nick: That dark guy I got the crystal from called it the Doodlesphere.
Tyler: I’m confused.. What is going on?
Nick: I must’ve accidentally taken you from the last world that the other guy was going to visit. I’m sorry about that. I’ll just open you up a portal back home.
Nick pushes buttons on the wristwatch. A robotic voice says:
Robotic voice: World Coordinate history deleted
Tyler: …What does that mean..?
Nick: …It means that I lost access to the coordinates to not only my world, but yours as well. I think.. we’re both stuck in the Doodlesphere..
Tyler: ..Oh son of a bit-
Scene 7: A confrontation with the boss
Dark Storm walks through an area of total darkness as he sees the remains of many past heros from different worlds. At the end of the room, he finds the mysterious figure.
Dark Storm: Hey boss. I have some bad news.
???: What happened? Was it the rebels who attacked our base?
Dark Storm: No, those cowards ran off at the first sight of me. The bad news is that one of the heros got loose.
???: WHAT!?
The mysterious figure frightened Dark Storm. Even though they were partners, he knew that with a simple snap of its finger, it could kill him then and there.
Dark Storm: It.. it’s not my fault boss! The rebels came and I went to deal with them. He must’ve stolen my quantum shard and warped away with it. I assure you, I can get him back and finish my mission. I swear to you.
???: …The next time I see you, it better be with his mangled corpse. If not, your life is forfeit. Do you understand me?
Dark Storm: …Yes boss.
???: Take only what you need and get out of my sight.
Dark Storm walked away feeling nothing but dread. He knew he had to complete his mission no matter the cost. And even if he didn’t like taking all of those lives, he didn’t exactly have a choice. It was the only way that no one would suffer his would-be fate. He grabbed a spare crystal and with that, warped out of the base…
—End of Episode—